---

copyright:
  years: 2025
lastupdated: "2025-03-11"

keywords: troubleshooting for code engine service bindings, service bindings, binding, service credentials, secrets

subcollection: codeengine

content-type: troubleshoot

---

{{site.data.keyword.attribute-definition-list}}

# Debugging service bindings
{: #troubleshoot-servicebindings}
{: troubleshoot}

Use the tips to learn how to troubleshoot {{site.data.keyword.codeenginefull}} service bindings.
{: shortdesc}

## Limits to consider
{: #ts-sb-limits}

When you create service bindings with {{site.data.keyword.codeengineshort}}, secrets are created. Every new service binding that does not reuse a service credential creates a secret. The maximum number of secrets per project is 100 secrets.

For more information about limits for secrets, see [Limits and quotas for {{site.data.keyword.codeengineshort}}](/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-limits).

Be sure to also consider limits for the specific service instance that you are binding to.
{: important}

For more information about service bindings, see [Working with service bindings to integrate {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} services with {{site.data.keyword.codeengineshort}}](/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-service-binding).


## Configuring service binding operations
{: #ts-sb-operations}

Did you know that you can configure project-wide service binding operations with the {{site.data.keyword.codeengineshort}} console?

With the right permissions, use the Integrations page in the console to configure settings for service binding operations so that all users of a specific project can create and delete bindings without having to assign all necessary privileges to their personal user IDs. For more information, see [Configuring project-wide service binding operations](/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-project-integrations#projectintegration-sb).

If you configure project-wide settings for service binding operations, do not manually update or remove the service ID or API key that is created as part of the configuration of service binding operations. See [Configuring service bindings operations with a {{site.data.keyword.codeengineshort}} autogenerated service ID](/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-project-integrations#projectintegration-sb-auto).
 {: tip}





## Listing service bindings
{: #ts-sb-listing}

You can list service bindings that are set for a {{site.data.keyword.codeengineshort}} application or job.

From the console, use one of the following ways:
* After your project is in **Active** status, click the name of your project on the [{{site.data.keyword.codeengineshort}} Projects page](https://cloud.ibm.com/codeengine/projects){: external}. From the Overview page, click **Service bindings**. This view displays all service bindings for the selected project.
* View existing service bindings to a specific application or job from the specific {{site.data.keyword.codeengineshort}} application or job page in the console. To view service bindings within the context of your application or job, go to the **Service bindings** tab for your specific application or job. You can also work with service bindings for your application from this view.

With the CLI, use the [**`ibmcloud ce application get`**](/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-cli#cli-application-get) command or the [**`ibmcloud ce job get`**](/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-cli#cli-job-get) command to display service bindings from the context of your application or job.

For example, suppose the `myapp` application is bound to an {{site.data.keyword.cos_full_notm}} service instance. Use the **`application get`** command to list the services that are bound to this app.

```txt
ibmcloud ce application get -n myapp
```
{: pre}

Example output

```txt
Run 'ibmcloud ce application events -n myapp' to get the system events of the application instances.
Run 'ibmcloud ce application logs -f -n myapp' to follow the logs of the application instances.
OK

Name:               myapp
[...]

Service Bindings:
  Name                     ID                                    Service Instance  Service Type          Role / Credential  Environment Variable Prefix  Age
  ce-service-access-wcfap  e04f4cbe-abcd-abcd-abcd-0ec858d33b82  my-object-storage cloud-object-storage  Writer             CLOUD_OBJECT_STORAGE         26h
```
{: screen}
